Make use of the uvicorn reload feature (#1114)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> This release refactors the reload feature of the inbuilt debug server. The refactor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release refactors the reload feature of the built-in debug server. The refactor
```
